README.md, before:

# startup
my startup for cs 260!

Elevator pitch for my startup application


Are you tired of complicated schedules? Frustrated when appointments fall through due to miscommunication? Meet Group-Cal, the group calendar designed for seamless scheduling and easy collaboration. With live chats, color-coded schedules, and a user-friendly interface, manage your stress with Group-Cal. Filter your calendar items to see what you want to see, and look at the year, month, week, or day at a glance. Group-Cal is the convenient option for the large corporate group, family, or just the individual. Download Group-Cal today to make tomorrow easier.

Picture of my startup application

![Startup application pic](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122133933/215208514-50c80193-3877-4dc7-b216-711a132190b1.jpeg)



Features of my startup application

My application will include live chatting between users over calendar items. Individuals will be able to customize colors of calendar items. They can see a view of the week, month, or year. They can filter their calendar so that they look at assignments for specific classes, projects, or activities. They can make calendar items and share them with others.


What I learned while doing the Simon HTML project:

 I learned that HTML can be a bit repetitive sometimes. However, it is very user friendly and not difficult to understand. I'm sure that there are more difficult aspects of HTML than what I was doing, but it seems like the basics of HTML are pretty simple to grasp. I learned that every attribute needs to be opened and closed which is similar to how functions need to have start and close brackets. I also learned that I can do minor styling with HTML, although I'm sure it's not nearly as effective as CSS.

What I learned while doing the Simon CSS project:

I learned that HTML and CSS work together to create an attractive website. Using Bootstrap, you can implement changes to the overall appearance of the website. Flex can be used to make sure that the website looks how you want it to on different sizes of browsers and devices. Overall, these are fairly user friendly and fun to experiment with.

Commit message:

Notes on the HTML and CSS start up deliverable

README.md, after:

# startup

my startup for cs 260!

Elevator pitch for my startup application

Are you tired of complicated schedules? Frustrated when appointments fall through due to miscommunication? Meet Group-Cal, the group calendar designed for seamless scheduling and easy collaboration. With live chats, color-coded schedules, and a user-friendly interface, manage your stress with Group-Cal. Filter your calendar items to see what you want to see, and look at the year, month, week, or day at a glance. Group-Cal is the convenient option for the large corporate group, family, or just the individual. Download Group-Cal today to make tomorrow easier.

Picture of my startup application

![Startup application pic](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/122133933/215208514-50c80193-3877-4dc7-b216-711a132190b1.jpeg)

Features of my startup application

My application will include live chatting between users over calendar items. Individuals will be able to customize colors of calendar items. They can see a view of the week, month, or year. They can filter their calendar so that they look at assignments for specific classes, projects, or activities. They can make calendar items and share them with others.

What I learned while doing the Simon HTML project:

I learned that HTML can be a bit repetitive sometimes. However, it is very user friendly and not difficult to understand. I'm sure that there are more difficult aspects of HTML than what I was doing, but it seems like the basics of HTML are pretty simple to grasp. I learned that every attribute needs to be opened and closed which is similar to how functions need to have start and close brackets. I also learned that I can do minor styling with HTML, although I'm sure it's not nearly as effective as CSS.

What I learned while doing the Simon CSS project:

I learned that HTML and CSS work together to create an attractive website. Using Bootstrap, you can implement changes to the overall appearance of the website. Flex can be used to make sure that the website looks how you want it to on different sizes of browsers and devices. Overall, these are fairly user friendly and fun to experiment with.

What I learned from doing the Start Up Deliverable - HTML and CSS

I learned that the internet is a great tool to use when trying to learn more. I learned that when I don't know how to do something in HTML or CSS, there are many resources I can turn to. I learned how to make my pages connect through links. I learned how to use Bootstrap better. I tried to learn how to design a layout that would be intiuitive for a user
